[IRIS] It's true.
There is one who ravages my land
for no reason but to
satisfy his whim.
Bahl does the same
in our country.
I sympathize. However,
your king simply wants
the incarnation of
destruction out of the way
so he can focus his
aggression on my country.
That's only true for
the current king.
[IRIS]
Yes. Once this king is gone.
[IRIS grunts]
[door opens]
[SHEAMA]
Queen Iris. I'm back from Metis.
Along with the rest
of your mage force.
Oh. I'm talking to
an empty chair.
[PHIOUS] It's a long story. How
goes the rebuilding of Metis?
[SHEAMA] About as well
as we could hope for.
I'm glad.
Read this.
[SHEAMA]
Mm?
You're kidding me.
The King of Black asked us
to help him kill Bahl.
And now, the queen is on her
way to fight at his side?
Yes.
[SHEAMA]
And it says that the envoys
are to stay here
as hostages. So...
If they were to turn violent,
while Her Majesty's absent‐‐
That's why I'm here‐‐
in case they try something.
But honestly,
they don't seem so bad.
[SHEAMA]
You don't say.
I guess I'll find out myself
when I meet them.
[yawns] I need to
rest for a bit.
But introduce me to
them later, would you?
Sure. Good work out there.
[PHIOUS]
Be safe, my queen.
[MERCHANT A]
Here you go.
'Preciate it, Mister.
No problem. You come
back soon, okay?
I couldn't say why,
but I've got a bad feeling.
My. Well, that's frightening.
[BOTH gasp]
[MERCHANT A]
It isn't safe here.
[BAHL chuckles] It looks like
they prepared a welcome party.
That's him.
Once Bahl has set foot on the
ground, we can spring our trap.
We'll hold him in place and
launch an all‐out attack.
I'll leave the siege
weapons to you, Groza.
Understood.
The beast known as Bahl
is fast approaching.
His objective is
to raze our land,
and butcher our
people for sport.
We will suffer his
barbarity no longer.
His vainglorious rampage
shall end today.
You're the elite defenders
of the Kingdom of Black.
Prove your mettle!
[SOLDIERS cheer]
[BAHL]
Oh?
Greetings, Bahl.
By my King's order,
I've come to slay you.
[grunts]
[VALLUS yells]
[BAHL laughs]
Don't get ahead of yourself.
Our fun is just beginning.
[VALLUS grunts]
We'll see.
[BAHL] Did you gather
all of these toys
just for my entertainment?
[BAHL] I am most appreciative
of your hospitality.
Thank you. I had feared
this might be boring.
What? But how?
[BAHL laughs]
Well done. Good show.
He swept them aside
like they were nothing.
[BAHL]
Not to be rude,
but would you mind bringing
out some more toys?
Uh! How dare you mock us!
[BAHL laughing]
Draw him in as
close as possible.
Fire!
Got him.
[BAHL] Are you that eager
to attract my attention?
[BAHL yells]
Arrogant monster.
Solitaire Orage!
[BAHL laughs] A spell like
that won't even scratch me.
[GROZA gasps]
He's as strong as they say.
Let's launch a
second volley. Ready?
‐‐[SOLDIER A] Ma'am!
‐‐Then fire!
[BAHL laughs]
Throwing a tantrum, eh?
[gasps, screams]
[SOLDIER A groans]
Go!
[GARGOYLES squawking]
[BAHL]
Huh... How courageous.
What trickery is this?
[BAHL] Do you really think that
you can outwit one such as I?
[GARGOYLE MAGE B squawks]
[BAHL chuckles]
[BAHL]
I wonder what this feels like.
[laughs] Was that all you had?
[BAHL]
Ohh...
[GROZA] That wasn't even close
to being all we had!
Now then: Révolte Éclair!
Twin blades of the void.
Come forth and strike.
[VALLUS grunts]
All right. We did it.
[VALLUS gasps]
[BAHL laughs] That offered me
some real amusement.
For a moment.
No. There's no way.
[BAHL] If you run out of tricks
to show me, I'll kill you.
So keep dancing, if you can.
[MAGES gasp]
[GROZA, VALLUS grunt]
[BAHL] Come along, now.
We're not done playing yet.
It's not a game.
[VALLUS grunting]
[BAHL yells]
I... can't move.
[BAHL chuckles]
What... should we do?
[VALLUS grunting]
[BAHL]
I think it's time I ended this.
[gasps]
[BAHL]
Ah... Rescuing your vassals?
How uncharacteristically
kind of you.
Why not embrace the light
while you're at it?
It would save me a
good bit of trouble...
...King of Darkness.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
The World's Egoism.
[BAHL grunts]
What was that?
[KING OF DARKNESS] There is no
better name for one such as you,
who defies the balance.
[BAHL] Well, at least you aren't
calling me a dragon or a god.
I was never fond of such names.
Although, I'd much prefer it
if you refrained from
naming me at all.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
You should know this,
but I care not for
your preference.
I don't intend to do anything
that will be to your liking.
[BAHL] Ha! There's nothing
to you but base instinct.
[BAHL groaning]
[BAHL laughs]
Now I'm having fun!
Hey... What just happened?
[BAHL yelling]
The king!
[BAHL] You aren't quite living
up to your boasts!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Damn you!
[BAHL]
Balance be damned.
With your death, I'll send
the scales flying!
[BAHL]
What's this?
Calida. Lux, Puram.
Lucem. Bind my foe!
[BAHL]
The Queen of Light. But how?
[GROZA] I can't believe it.
She's actually here.
Yes. They won her over.
[gasps]
[BAHL grunts]
[BAHL]
Curse you!
I'll do it this once.
[BAHL groaning]
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Frustrating, isn't it, Bahl?
[BAHL]
Be silent, you arrogant whelp!
[BAHL grunting]
[BAHL] You're a vile creature,
aren't you?
A wretched being of
mindless instinct.
Has your fear defeated
your hunger?
Will you abandon your
last shred of pride
and uphold that
meaningless balance
just to save your own skin?
[KING OF DARKNESS] Howl all you
want. This is the end for you.
You shall writhe in
torment for eternity.
In the depths of Tartarus,
my Scorching Prison.
[BAHL]
Wait. Why not just kill me?
[KING OF DARKNESS grunts]
[BAHL] Forget I asked.
The answer's obvious, actually.
Farewell. Till next we meet.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Well done.
With this slight tilting
of the scales,
you've carved me a path.
[SHEAMA] So you're the special
envoy, and he's your guard.
Thank you for granting us
an audience, Lady Sheama.
Well met.
It is, of course, an honor to
speak with the royal court mage.
That said, I didn't expect
you to be so beautiful.
Spare me the flattery.
[ADEL]
My apologies.
I've spoken with
the Knight Commander.
You told him that the people
of Black are against this war.
Is that the truth?
Yes. I would swear that
on my life, but...
He says that they're
bound to the king's will.
Those who defy him
are killed on the spot.
[SHEAMA]
I see.
[gasps]
What the‐‐?
Hey! Come back here!
Wait, Phious, look!
[PHIOUS]
Queen Iris!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS panting]
[IRIS gasps]
Your Grace. Are you all right?
It's over now. Bahl has fallen.
Good.
[PHIOUS]
Queen Iris!
Your Majesty. Are you all right?
Please talk to me.
Oh, no.
She doesn't appear
to be wounded.
So what's wrong with her‐‐
what could've happened?
[SHEAMA] She must have
used too much power.
We should get her to the palace.
[PHIOUS grunts]
Right.
Excuse us. Please return
to your rooms.
[IRIS panting]
She's so weak.
Will she recover?
[gasps]
[SHEAMA]
She used her body as a conduit
for the immense power
of the progenitor rune.
[SHEAMA] I can't imagine
the kind of strain
that must've put on her.
[gasps]
[SHEAMA] Go tell the envoy
that she fulfilled
the terms of the alliance.
[PHIOUS]
But...
[SHEAMA]
Please, just do it.
Sure. I'll go there now.
[door opens, closes]
May I come in?
Seems like you already have.
Oh, should I have waited?
Hey. Grab a drink with me.
Thanks, but I'll pass.
What's wrong with you? Don't be
such a stick in the mud.
Sorry for hittin' on
the court mage,
but man was she my type.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[ADEL] Though, it seems
you've only got eyes
for the Queen of Light.
This isn't the time for that.
It's not funny.
Fine, I'm sorry.
I'll leave it alone.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I'm just... worried about her.
[ADEL]
Right. I'm sure that's it.
Hey, what is this?
I don't recall giving you leave
to move between rooms.
Knight Commander. I wasn't
expecting you to drop in on us.
[PHIOUS grunts]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS] Excuse me,
sir. But the Queen, how is she?
[PHIOUS gasps] My queen
is none of your concern!
But... She should recover soon.
I'm glad.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Knight Commander?
[gasps] No. It's nothing.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Hm?
[ADEL] So did they
manage to beat Bahl?
Oh. Yes. The terms of
the alliance were met.
I see.
Guess that means our work up
here is officially complete.
We'll bid the Queen farewell,
and make our way
back to the mud.
[IRIS panting]
Iris, I need you to realize
that you don't have
to do all this alone.
[WORKERS chattering]
I am way past tired.
Need to hurry home
and take a bath.
Oh. Hello, Vallus.
That was a tough fight.
You did quite well.
Bahl, the World's Egoism.
His imprisonment is a
thing to be celebrated.
It's a boon to our country.
Yes. Sorry, but is
there something
I can do for you, or‐‐?
Forgive me,
I'm sure you're tired.
But I need this delivered
to the Kingdom of White.
[gasps]
[GROZA]
Understood.
See you soon, my dear prince.